Are you all right?
Brother Mumian
I didn't mean to.
I know wrong
Please!
Just because we fell in love two years ago
Whose house do you let go of?
I ask you what to try
Whose bracelet does the snake belong to?
Or did you take it from Qing Huan?
Did I ever tell you that?
If you dare to lie to me with this seed
I will make you regret coming into this world
I was wrong, Ferris, I was wrong.
Please let me go
It seems that this bracelet is indeed very important for the National Wood Year
But before being taken away by Shen Anan
It's always on my hand.
Why don't I remember
There is a person like Peng Munian in my memory
What are you going to do with him?
Doesn't he hate being poor and love being rich?
Then take away everything he likes
No, old brother, no, come on
less fire
Didn't you hear what the young lady said?
Now let the Shen family disappear from Hancheng
Brother for many years, you can't treat me like this
I beg you.
Miss Wei, let's go, old lady
You bitch
I won't let you go.